Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[Teenage Fanclub & De La Soul
singing "Fallin'"]
♪♪ Traveling ♪♪
♪♪ At the speed ♪♪
♪♪ Of love ♪♪
♪♪ Do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do ♪♪
♪♪ Hey yo kids ♪♪
♪♪ What's up? ♪♪
♪♪ Remember when
I used to be dope? ♪♪
♪♪ Yeah ♪♪
♪♪ I owned a pocket
full of fame ♪♪
♪♪ But look what
you're doin' now ♪♪
♪♪ Well I know well I know ♪♪
♪♪ I lost touch with reality ♪♪
♪♪ Now my personality ♪♪
♪♪ Is an unwanted commodity ♪♪
♪♪ Ooh yeah ♪♪
♪♪ Can't believe I used to be ♪♪
♪♪ Mr. Steve Austin on the mic ♪♪
♪♪ Six million ways ♪♪
♪♪ I used to run it ♪♪
♪♪ I guess Oscar Goldman
got mad ♪♪
♪♪ 'Cause I got loose circuits ♪♪
♪♪ So loose ♪♪
♪♪ I seen the mother goose
with the eggs ♪♪
♪♪ That seemed to be ♪♪
♪♪ Fallin' fallin' fallin' ♪♪
♪♪ You played yourself ♪♪
♪♪ Do-do-do-do do-do-do-do ♪♪
♪♪ Hey yo pack my bags
'cause I'm out of here ♪♪
♪♪ Momma don't love me
and my momma don't care ♪♪
♪♪ Read the papers
the headlines say ♪♪
♪♪ Washed up rapper got a song ♪♪
♪♪ Rock on ♪♪
♪♪ Lingo's busting while the
guitar swings ♪♪
♪♪ B-side copy for the radio
plays for somethin' ♪♪
♪♪ I knew I blew
the whole fandango ♪♪
♪♪ When the drum programmer
wore a Kangol ♪♪
♪♪ Never could be like fake
fish won't bite bait ♪♪
♪♪ Realize that I'm over
like clover ♪♪
♪♪ No good luckin' ♪♪
♪♪ So Mase hit the beat ♪♪
♪♪ While the teenage fan
the heat ♪♪
♪♪ I bring it to the blues ♪♪
♪♪ Paid all my dues ♪♪
♪♪ So what's gone dead ♪♪
♪♪ Let me use my forehead ♪♪
♪♪ Easy pack it up man
let me stop stallin' ♪♪
♪♪ 'Cause everything I do
is like fallin' ♪♪
♪♪ Fallin' fallin' ♪♪
♪♪ You played yourself ♪♪
♪♪ Do-do-do-do do-do-do-do ♪♪
[indistinct chatter]
♪♪ You played yourself.. ♪♪♪♪
Hey.
Hey. you.
Hey. why don't you call Peggy?
'She can come over
and watch TV with you.'
That. uh. that show that you
like is on tonight. isn't it?
Hey.
Hey. cutie.
What's the name of it. um..
Oh. come on. Linda.
You're makin' me feel
very guilty here.
Look. it-it's just gonna be
for a couple of hours.
I deserve this. you know.
I haven't been out
of the house
for over three months.
Three months.
Gee. that's probably
exactly how long it's been
since I've been out.
[dog barking]
Looks like Mike almost has
his date for tonight.
[indistinct chatter]
[chuckles]
Linda.
Nobody is taking dates.
It's a bunch of guys
goin' to a boxing match.
That's it.
What?
Wh-why are you
lookin' at me like that?
[scoffs]
'Cause I know your friends.
They have the hormones
of high school kids.
Don't start accusing me
of runnin' around...
You're the only one of
your friends who has a family.
You know. I think it's time
we start hangin' out
with grown-ups.
My friends are grown-ups.
Oh. sorry.
[male #1 over PA]
'If you look out the starboard side..'
What the hell is that?
'...potentially very dangerous'
'Mr. Frank Wyatt.'
'Not since the turn
of the century'
'has he come out
to vacation with us.'
'Let's dust him off and give him
a good round of applause.'
Here's one of your
grown-up friends now.
I gotta go.
Go.
[sighs]
Go and have some fun.
Maybe you'll stop walking around
with that look on your face.
Say bye.
I have no regrets.
Okay?
Whatever you say.
[horn honking]
Bye. gorgeous.
Daddy's gotta go.
I love you.
[male #1 over PA]
'Oh. excuse me.'
I love you too.
'We've got some. uh.
family values exhibition..'
I'll be home early. okay?
Yeah. Linda.
say around. uh. 8 a.m.
- Oh.
- Thanks.
I'm on the couch tonight
for sure.
Well. that's simple. Frank.
She hates me.
She does not hate you.
I've been married to
that woman for two years.
Remember your birthday?
Hm?
[humming]
[laughing]
She hates you.
- Hey.
Linda? Let me get rid
of these bums.
'I'll be right back
to get on you.'
- Promise?
- Check it out inside.
It's bigger than your house.
Whoo!
Prepare to have your
pleasure glands carpet bombed.
Watch out for the floors
'cause they're marble.
Oh.
- You guys.
- Wow.
Whoo.
- Cool system. man.
- Thanks.
[rock music blaring]
Don't. uh. touch anything.
Okay?
That's not right for you.
And don't put your dirty dogs
on my clean upholstery either.
Ray. where the hell
did you get this thing?
- I promoted it.
- You what?
I conned the dealer into letting
me take it out for the evening.
Well. how did you do that?
Well. I was driving
past the dealership
and I spotted this beast.
and I was thinking
about this evening.
so I go inside and say
"This baby is perfect
for entertaining clients
"and I'm thinking about
using it to buy
a few of them
for my sales force."
At which time he got
on his hands and knees
and began begging me
to take it out.
- It was embarrassing.
- No. wait-wait-wait.
- Your sales force. Ray?
- Mm-hm.
I may have some
and I will.
Tomorrow I'll return it
and I'll say
"Thank you very much. sir
but under very
"very careful consideration
I would have to say
"it's not big enough.
"I need a driver's side air bag
in the bathroom and.
uh. I'll see ya."
Ray Cochran.
'The man. the myth.'
Yes. indeed.
Listen. we're running late.
Where's Eddie?
Eddie couldn't make it.
He canceled the last minute.
So I. uh. invited
someone else.
Who'd you invite?
[tires screeching]
Hey. no. whoa. whoa.
(Frank)
'Hey. easy. hey. hey!'
(Ray)
'Who's the crash-test dummy?'
That's your little brother.
Ray.
Don't start.
Linda's been bustin' my balls
since I got home. alright?
Give him a break. man.
'cause John's a good guy. bro.
He's a good..
He's a pain in the ass.
Every time you guys
get together
man. it's like a slugfest.
- 'That's not true.'
- 'It's not true?'
'So. he doesn't piss you off
every time you get together?'
Ray. he's my brother
and I invited him. okay?
(John)
'Hey. Razor-man.'
That's cool.
It's nice.
- What the hell is this thing?
- You just. get in.
(John)
Looks like Barbie's playhouse.
(Ray) 'You should know.
you're the one who plays with dolls.'
- Mike.
- What's up?
Where you been. buddy?
Jesus.
Look at this thing.
Yo. bro.
My big brother actually invites
me to go somewhere. huh?
You sick or somethin'. Frank?
You're late. as usual.
[chuckles]
What do ya say fight fans?
Crack open some tasty libations
and let's get on the road.
Beers are in the fridge. John.
Ooh. beer.
(Ray) 'Okay. let's hit it.
All aboard?'
(Frank) 'Ray. Ray. that's a conductor.
not a bus driver.'
(Ray)
'Why don't you sit down and shut up?'
(Frank)
'Now. that's a bus driver.'
(Ray) 'Alright.
let me see your transfer. man.'
(Mike)
'When has any of you ever been on a bus?'
(Ray) 'Let me tell you somethin.
' I've seen a few.'
[all laughing]
[instrumental music]
(Ray) 'Yeah. alright.
I got 600 on Davis.'
(Mike)
'What? You idiot!'
'You know. Davis rhymes
with "Save us!"'
(Frank)
'You should've given the money to us.'
'We should've left earlier.
We're gonna miss the prelim.'
(Ray) 'Hey.
the Razor-man will not be letting you down.'
'I don't intend to miss
one single solitary punch.'
(John)
'Where did this kid come from?'
(Frank) What's he doing?
He needs to bob and weave. Look at that.
Thank God. this thing has
a satellite dish. right?
(John)
'Oh. shit.'
Much better than
sitting ringside. Ray.
Much. much better.
'Another day in front
of the boob tube.'
(Ray) 'We're gonna be so close we
may get a little blood on us.'
(Frank) 'It'll be comin'
out of our noses'
'our seats'll be so high
in the rafters.'
(Ray)
'Give me a break.'
(John)
'Oh. shit.'
'Yeah. yeah. yeah.'
Look at him.
Look at him go.
[all cheering]
- Hit him!
Hell. yeah.
look at him go. man.
[shouting indistinctly]
That's it. See his feet. His
legs are bucklin'. It's over.
(Frank) 'His manager's outside bettin'
on the other guy.'
Hernandez and that.
uh. Martinez kid
won't last three rounds.
We're gonna miss
the main event.
Yeah. Mike's right.
We should just settle in and...
Bullshit.
We're not gonna miss anything.
Just shut that TV off.
Hey. Ray.
Take it easy.
Do you wanna make it
to the fight on time or not?
Hm? Alright.
(male #1 on TV)
'It's a battle between the number two'
'and number three middleweights in the world.'
'Mickey Mad Dog Davis... '
[honks]
Piece of shit.
(Mike)
'Whoa. What are you doin'?'
I don't believe this punk.
He's not gonna let me in.
Hey. Hey. how about it. huh?
- Can we get in?
- How about what?
Can we get over?
Why don't you wait your turn
like everyone else. asshole.
Hey. John. forget it.
You wanna let us over?
(John)
'No way. man. No way.'
Ray. this guy's not stopping.
Back off already.
- I'm not gonna back off.
- No. What are you doing?
Ray. back off. man.
He's not stopping.
'Hey. look out!'
[loud thud]
'Oh-ho!'
Oh. this guy just hit me.
He just hit me.
(Ray)
'I don't believe this guy hit me.'
Fuck you!
What are you doing?
- Hey. fuck you! You want some?
- Fuck you.
I'm coming over.
(Mike)
'Ding. ding. ding! Round one!'
Yeah. come on. let's see
something. little fucking weasel.
- Let's see what you got.
- Get off me. Frank. Get off!
- Not tonight. man.
- I didn't think so.
(John) 'Let me go. Frank.
I can take this motherfucker. Come on!'
- What?
- Come on.
- Fuck you.
- Come on. John-boy.
I'll beat the shit
out of both of you.
- Back off.
- Hey. what's this?
What are you..
Ah! Huh?
Don't.
Hey. it hurts. huh?
Hey! Leave him alone.
Yeah. relax and take
the pretty girl home.
Unless you want me to.
[man groaning]
Huh? I can't hear you.
I'm sorry. what?
Ah! Yeah. alright.
Come on. buddy.
(female #1)
'Just get in the car.'
You're not worth it.
Nice job. buddy.
Shut up. man!
(male #2)
'Way to go. tough guy!'
I can't believe people
in this fucking town.
Calm down. honey.
Married life
making you soft. Frank?
I remember when your brother
would have dumped
that guy on his ass.
Yeah.
What the hell
is the matter with you. huh?
You can't get into it
with every asshole
that looks at you funny.
John. there's a lot of craziness
going on out there.
You never know what maniac
is gonna pull out a gun
and blow your goddamn
brains out.
It happens every day in this
city. Hey. you listen to me!
What. Frank?
What are you gonna do?
You're not my father. Frank.
(Mike) Way to go. little man.
You showed some heart.
Hey. What did I say? Huh?
What did I tell you?
- Do you remember what I said?
- I know. I'm sorry.
Don't encourage him
with that macho shit.
I'm sorry. Frank.
You know. but he's right.
you know.
What are you talking about?
You're not his father. bro.
That was really smart.
baby brother.
Hey. enough. Ray.
Alright?
Well. stop acting
like you're three.
Why do you always have to say
shit like that?
Hey. hey!
Let's knock it off!
I wanna have a good fucking time
tonight. alright?
Everybody hold on to something.
We're getting out of here.
What the hell are you doing?
Let me tell you something.
I'm not gonna miss this fight.
I hate being late.
Wait. the cops!
I'm joking. Ray.
- Whoo-hoo!
- Yeah!
[car horns honking]
(Mike)
'Ray's the man! Do it. Do it!'
[Mike ululates]
Whoo! Whoo!
[indistinct shouting]
[tires screeching]
Whoo! Whoo!
(Ray) 'Let me tell you something right now.
here is to me'
'and those like me.'
'There's very few of them
left remaining.'
(Frank)
'Thank God.'
(Mike)
'Yes. this is an extraordinary'
'piece of navigation.
my brother.'
- 'Thank you. my friend.'
- 'Any ideas how to get there?'
(Ray) 'Of course. I do.
Double back around the expressway.'
'How hard can it be?'
[wind gusting]
Whoo-oo-oo-oo!
I bet there's some tremendous
real estate bargains down here.
Yeah. well. that's great. Ray
but where's the damn
expressway. huh?
Yeah. enough
of this scenic route.
(Ray) 'The guys that built the
expressway did it logically.'
We hit the next major
intersection and cut over.
(Mike) 'Well. I-I don't see any
signs or anything there. Ray.'
(Ray) 'I'm gonna be.
if I can cross over'
'the one-way street that
we exited on. we'll be fine.'
'We've been around this block
a thousand times.'
(Ray)
'I don't care if we have.'
'We gotta cross the one-way
street. We'll be fine.'
(Frank) 'We don't know where we are.'
We're lost.
(John)
'You have no clue where you're going.'
(Ray) 'Little faith. my friends.
We have never been here.'
(Mike) 'Oh. look at that.
The Brothers Johnson.'
Hey. look. Ray. I'm just
being logical. right?
When you're lost.
you ask for directions.
So let's ask those guys.
'They look like they know
their way around.'
Sure. We'll tell them
we're the Welcome Wagon
and we have
some baked goods for them..
Right on.
Excuse me! Gentlemen!
[over loudspeaker] 'Hi.
We're the Welcome Wagon.'
Can you come here for
a minute. please?
Uh. Mr. Welcome. here would like
to ask you something.
Give me that.
You know what?
It's not funny.
Ooh. here they come. Ray.
(Mike)
They're having a party. baby!
How are you?
Show them. man.
Show them what you got.
- Check it out. man. Show them.
- Watch this.
Oh. shit.
(Frank) 'Ray.
what the hell are you doing?'
Let him have it. Earl.
[all laughing]
How is that funny?
Can you teJl me?
Because I don't get it.
Tell me why that's funny.
Just get us back
on the expressway.
Jesus.
- 'Good bye.'
- Lock your doors.
(Mike) 'You got the gun.
Anybody comes. we'll blow them away.'
(Ray) 'Hey. look.
just lock the doors.'
(Mike)
'I'll lock the goddamn door.'
(Ray) 'I don't even know if
I'm insured on this thing.'
You think I'm insured?
- Whoa. wait.
- What?
You really know how to use
this thing. there. Razor?
That's a Beretta 9mm.
Shit happens. man.
Hey. you were right. Frank.
You never know what maniac's
gonna pull out a gun.
Come on. the only maniac
I know is you.
Hey. you know what we need?
We need a frigging map.
Who carries a map?
Thousands of unarmed people who
drive Hyundais carry maps. Ray.
'Now. how about getting us
out of here?'
It's not my ride
but I think there's a map
in the glove compartment.
(Mike)
'Right here?'
No. right to the right of it.
Right.
Here it is.
You're a little closer
than I am.
Whoa. hey. hey!
[tires screeching]
- Who?
- What was that?
(Mike) 'I don't know.
I think we hit something.'
Uh. maybe a dog or something.
No. we didn't.
Ray. I felt it.
I think we hit someone.
Do you know
where the hell we are?
They're scam artists. okay?
Now. they make a living
doing this.
Doing what. Ray?
They run out into the middle
of the street
and they pretend to get hit
and they blow your head off.
Somebody might be hurt. Ray.
(Ray)
'Frank. what are you doing?'
I'm gonna check it out.
What are you..
Frank?
Come on. you guys doing
the Mother Teresa Show?
Wait. Hey..
Nothing down here.
[breathing heavily]
He's dead.
Think again. asshole.
- Shit.
- Hey. be careful.
(Mike)
'Don't move.'
It's gonna be alright.
What's happening?
We hit somebody!
Call 911!
Oh. my God.
I don't believe it.
[sighs]
Ow.
[phone line ringing]
(female #2 on phone)
'911 emergency.'
How long did they say
it was gonna be?
The phone's dead. man.
There's no service in this
shithole part of town.
Hey. we gotta get him
to an emergency room.
How do you work this. Ray?
I didn't see him. man.
He came out of nowhere.
You know. I never.
it wasn't my fault.
Hey.
'Bring him into the RV.'
- Come on.
- Alright.
[panting]
[bottles shatter]
Is he okay?
Hear me out a second..
(Mike)
Move.
- Easy. easy. easy. easy.
- Careful. Careful.
Alright. Easy. easy.
Easy. Easy. Easy.
[screams]
Be careful. be careful.
Ray. get a towel.
(Ray)
'He's been shot.'
Put this under his head.
Be careful. Easy. Easy.
Hey. hey. hey.
(Mike)
'It's alright.'
He's a thief. man.
The cops probably shot him.
They'll be back any minute.
What happened. kid?
Who shot you?
Hey. come on.
leave him alone.
Goddamn it.
somebody shot him. okay?
We could all be in danger.
Ray. we're not just
gonna leave him here.
Look. I've had a lot to drink
tonight. okay?
Hey. man. what's your problem?
The kid is hurt.
Look. do you want me to go
to prison because of this punk?
- It is not our concern.
- Yes. it is. Ray.
Look. they're coming after me.
You gotta help me.
Look. we won't let
anybody hurt you.
Look. you gotta
get me out of here!
Shut up! Goddamn it!
I can't hear myself think!
(John)
'Ray. you shut up!'
Who the hell are you
telling to shut up?
No. wait. wait. wait.
Listen.
[police siren wailing]
(Teddy)
'Y-y-you can't tell them about the money.'
(John) 'Don't worry. don't worry.
We'll catch them. man.'
'It's gonna be fine.
It's gonna be okay.'
(Teddy) 'Look.
that's not what I'm worried about.'
There they go! Right there!
- They didn't see us.
- Ray. we gotta catch them!
I just think we should
figure this thing out...
If you're not gonna drive.
I will.
(Mike) 'I'll get the door.
Let's go!'
[tires screeching]
Ray. get out of the way.
There they go.
Hey! Help! Police! Help!
We got somebody shot!
'Hey!'
They turned the corner.
Hey!
SOS! Hey!
'Hey. we got a wounded kid!'
Frank!
Frank. take it easy!
Where the hell are they?
Fuck! Where did they go?
[tires squeal]
'Whow-whoa!'
[tires screeching]
[coughing]
[groaning]
Ray. you okay?
- Ray?
- Yeah. I'm alright.
You alright. Frank?
Yeah. Yeah. I think so.
[breathing heavily]
What the hell hit us?
- I don't believe it.
- My guess?
Probably some no-insurance.
car-driving asshole
bashed into us
in a fucking junker.
- Un-fucking-believable.
- Ray. calm down.
Calm down? This stuff's
gonna cost me a fortune.
I'm just now the proud owner
of a nice little fax machine.
Gonna fax myself.
Might be nice for me later on.
and a big large-screen..
Huh?
Brand-new piece of shit TV.
This'll be mine.
- 'Alright.'
- You okay. brother?
- 'Yeah. I'm fine.'
- Huh?
(Ray)...is gonna
cost me right here?
Uh.
We're stuck... in here.
We're stuck. okay?
We're stuck in this piece
of shit which I now own. okay?
This piece of fucking shit!
- Ray!
Ray. calm down!
Hey. Ray.
'Why don't you try
and start this thing?'
Fuck. get a window open
or something.
(Mike)
'Damn thing's stuck.'
Great. Wonderful.
[engine whirring]
It's dead.
We're not going anywhere.
They're out there.
(Ray) Who? Who are you talking about?
Who's out there?
You guys don't know
what you're messing with.
- We gotta get out of here!
- Hey. shut up!
- We gotta get out...
- We're doing the best we can.
[whispering]
No. wait. quiet.
You hear that?
I'm gonna take a look around.
No. don't do that.
They'll blow your head off.
Ray. get the gun.
'Get the fucking gun. Ray.'
It's gone.
- What?
- It fell out when we hit.
- Well. try and find it.
- It's gotta be around here.
- 'Hope so.'
- 'Look it. man.'
(Mike)
'You see anything?'
Nothing.
It seems okay. I think we can
all squeeze through there and...
What up. Teddy?
Playing a little hide and seek?
Come on out. come on.
Come here. motherfucker.
Back the fuck off.
Ladies.
You wanna get tough
with me. kid?
You wanna keep him?
Huh?
Back off. kid.
You ain't got no balls.
Now. you children sit tight
and no one'll get hurt. okay?
Crack a window.
You okay?
[phone dialing]
[phone beeping]
This thing isn't working.
I thought you said
there was no service.
[sighs]
Look..
[gasps]
...Sykes.
Look. no.
- You know...
- Shh. shh.
[tires screeching]
(Teddy) Come on. man. this is crazy.
Sykes. you know me.
(Sykes) 'You see. Teddy.
the problem is..'
(Teddy)
'No. no. no problem. man.'
(Sykes)
You broke one of his rules.
It's not like that. man.
Look. I didn't do anything.
All you gotta do is tell Fallon.
That's all I'm asking you to do.
- Tell Fallon what?
- Well. go ahead. Tell him.
Fallon. look it's not
what you think. man.
I-I wasn't wrong-running.
I mean. you got it wrong.
I got all the money right there.
You-you can just keep it.
You can count it.
[sighs]
How could you
steal from me. Teddy?
I-I wasn't stealing
from you. man.
It's right there.
All the money. man.
The only thing I hate worse
than a thief is a liar. Teddy.
You broke rule number one.
do not steal from me.
(Rhodes)
What you thinking about. Teddy?
Look. come on.
we grew up. man...
All you had to do was keep
the merchandise moving.
What was the problem. huh?
No company car?
Not long enough lunches?
What. Teddy?
(John)
We can't just sit here.
We're not gonna do
anything. Frank?
- We're not gonna do one thing?
- Shh. come on. hey.
What? What do you want us
to do. man?
Did you mention my name
to the guys in the truck?
I didn't say anything! Why the
fuck would I say anything?
I wouldn't rat you out. man!
I wouldn't say shit!
So. what do you want me to do?
Want me to let you go?
Is that what you want?
I let you go.
And then I'm supposed to conduct
business on the street?
Who? Who?
Who's gonna know. right?
I mean. who?
Nobody's gonna tell them.
'He's not gonna tell
and I'm not gonna... '
- That's right.
- No! Come on. man!
All you gotta do is...
[gunshot]
[gunshot echoing]
You know. we got
another problem.
How many guys in the truck?
About four.
North Shore plates too.
Great. Just great.
Well. boys. rule number two.
no witnesses.
Come on!
We're gonna be next.
[Mike howling]
(Mike)
'Come on!'
'Come on. Ray. come on!'
What the hell
are you doing?
(Mike)
'Come on!'
(Fallon)
Oh. shit.
(Mike) 'Come on!
Fuck it! Come on. Ray!'
(Fallon) Where do these
guys think they're going?
[gunshots]
(Mike)
'Come on. Ray!'
Come on. Ray.
[explosion]
Shit.
Oh! Sorry. man.
That's not exactly
what I had in mind.
Thanks. That's what I'll tell
the dealer.
Yeah. you won't be telling
the dealer nothing
unless we get
the fuck outta here.
'Come on!'
(Fallon) 'That was great. guys.
Do it again.'
- That's not funny.
- Hey. man. that was funny.
Shit looks like
the Hindenburg. man.
'Come on.'
[dramatic music]
Let's go.
[music continues]
Let's go. Ray.
[grunting]
Stop.
Where're we headed?
[panting]
John? You alright?
Why? Why'd they do it?
They killed him. Frank.
They killed him.
Hey. I don't think
they're gonna follow us. man.
They won't do that.
We saw 'em
shoot that kid. Ray.
We were witnesses.
[tire screeching]
Where the hell are we?
Huh?
Why'd you get off
the expressway. Ray?
Oh. are we at
the blaming stage now. huh?
I don't remember
twisting your arm
to get off the expressway.
[tire screeching]
- Go.
[grunting]
Hey!
Forget it. Mike. Come on.
[engine revving]
[grunting]
Come on.
Come on. Mike. come on.
Frank.
Did they see us?
I don't know.
I don't think so.
[panting]
(Ray)
'Frank was right.'
They do want to kill us.
I never said
they wanted to kill us.
- What are we gonna do?
- Shut up.
Well..
Look what the cat drug in.
(Frank)
'Keep your voice down.'
(Fallon)
Hello. ladies.
What do you think
of the neighborhood?
We call these condos down here.
'Nice. huh?'
'It could be just
like one of those'
'North Shore
suburbs though. huh?'
'Guess what. I knew you guys'd
go straight for the rail yard.'
'But you didn't pass "Go"'
'so you definitely
don't get the 200 bucks.'
'You just sit tight'
"cause I'm gonna
come door to door'
'like the goddamn Avon Lady.'
And by the way...
you fucked up my car.
And I don't have collision.
(male #3)
'The guy out there sounds like he wants to'
do you... bodily harm
or something.
[male #4 chuckles]
I'm a college graduate.
(male #3)
'That's Buck.'
He's got the brain of a chicken.
Sure would be a shame
if he was to hear you in here.
'Damn shame.'
He'd. he'd shoot us
and then blow your heads off.
I don't think so.
He might even be grateful.
Might give us a reward.
Alright.
Alright. goddamn it.
'Name your price.'
Gee. Mister Businessman.
What did you have in mind?
(Fallon)
'Don't move.'
'Don't whisper.'
Don't even breathe.
Don't you hate it..
...when you try to be quiet..
...and every sound
seems to be amplified
20 or 30 times?
[footsteps]
'What is that?'
[sniffing]
What's that smell?
You guys wearing cologne?
Or is that... fear?
- 'Nice watch.'
- Go to hell.
Already there. man.
Ray. give it to him.
[metal clanging]
[banging]
Lucy! I'm home!
You got some explaining to do!
Don't touch me.
Don't be stupid. John.
[mumbling]
Alright.
It's all I got.
You guys are really
starting to piss me off!
This is eating into
my drinking time!
But I'll tell you
what I'm gonna do.
Since I'm such a nice person
and so in touch
with my inner child
'I'm gonna give you a chance.'
'Come out. forget about
the bullshit'
'and we'll discuss this.'
'I'm gonna count to three.'
One... Mississippi.
Two... Mississippi.
[wind howling]
Alright!
Opportunity knocked
and you failed to answer.
Don't say I didn't
give you a chance.
'Come on! Let's talk.'
'Let's mingle.'
Alright.
'Now... I'm getting mad.'
This one's
locked up too. man.
You know. it's possible
they didn't even stop here.
They just took right off.
It just doesn't feel right.
you know?
I'm a college graduate.
'I used to play college ball.'
I ain't got my jacket no more.
That's too bad.
Somebody stole it.
And. you know I. I had.
I had great hands. man.
I mean. you should have seen me.
"Go out wide. Buck!"
[grunting]
Hey. take it easy.
I'm going wide.
I'm going wide. man.
Yeah. I could've been
Walter Payton.
This guy played too many games
with no helmet.
What. you think I'm funny
or something. man. huh?
Who do you think you are.
coming down here
wearing that jacket
and calling me a liar?
'Cause I'm a goddamn
college graduate!
[indistinct arguing]
What the hell do
I gotta do to shut him up?
[dramatic music]
Come on. let's get outta here.
- Come on. man. move it.
- Take out time. boys.
(male #5)
'That white guy's got a gun!'
[indistinct chattering]
[gunshots]
[grunts]
Shit. hobo from Purdue.
I hate Purdue.
When's the last time
they ever won anything. anyways?
'Mm. plastic.'
(Sykes)
'That's one of 'em.'
Bums must've rolled 'em. huh?
Welcome to
the neighborhood. boys.
[dramatic music]
(Fallon)
'There they are! Come on!'
[rattling]
Come on. maybe
we can outrun them.
(male #6)
This way. come on!
[grunting]
Come on. come on.
come on. come on.
[panting]
Hold it. Shh.
[dogs barking]
Go. go! Let's go!
Look. Frank.
Listen.
I can't fucking
keep up. okay?
- You have to.
- Listen to me.
Don't leave my ass down here.
okay? This is hell.
You can do this. man.
You can do this.
If you take care of me.
I'll give you anything you want.
All I want is for you
to move your ass.
We're gonna make it. man.
All of us.
- Oh.
- Okay?
- Alright.
- I think we lost 'em.
- Hey. you okay? Huh?
- Yeah. I'm alright.
Where. where are
the cops. man?
Someone must have
heard the blast.
Yeah. well. you could
dynamite a whole city block
they wouldn't come.
- That's criminal.
- Hey. look at this.
Oh. yeah. Oh.
Reach out and touch
someone my ass. huh?
Great.
Hey. wait. there's lights on
in that building up there.
Let's go get some help.
Come on.
[grunting]
(Mike)
Come on. Come on. Ray.
(Ray)
Goddamn. I tore my jacket.
(Frank) I'd be more worried about my ass.
not my jacket.
(Ray) Yeah. well.
my ass doesn't cost $450.
[hip-hop music]
Alright. if anything happens.
don't think. just run. okay?
(Frank) We gotta find someone
who'll let us use their phone.
You really think
one of these freaks
are gonna let us
use their phone?
These "Freaks"
are our neighbors. Ray.
- They're not my neighbors. man.
- Oh. yeah?
I bet we haven't been
more than 10 miles
from your front door
this whole night.
[creaking]
What's up with that noise?
(John)
We should go talk to him.
No. no. no.
I got a better idea.
Mike!
There's a way in over there.
[knocking on door]
Hi. sir.
Um. I need to use your phone.
- No. No. no. no. no.
- Just one phone call.
- 'No. no. No way!'
- Thanks a lot.
Mike. take it easy. man.
You. too. buddy.
- Hello? Anybody home?
- Who does he think he is?
What's wrong with these people?
They're just like you. Ray.
- How is that?
- They're scared.
They won't even talk to us.
- Hi. How are you?
- What do you want?
- Can we use your phone. please?
- Hey. hey.
Nobody's gonna help us.
Nobody.
Welcome to the real world.
Ray. This is it.
If you say that to me again.
I'm gonna kill you.
I swear I will.
[hip-hop music]
Hello? Hello?
Anybody in there?
Please open the door
if you're there.
Hello?
Come on. please.
[door opening]
Oh. Wait. wait. wait.
We don't wanna scare her off.
Excuse me.
- 'Yeah. what do you want?'
- I need to use a phone.
Just hold it right there.
Now keep back.
- Keep back.
- Please. just listen.
'Cause I'll bust all your
goddamn heads.
- And don't think I won't.
- Clarissa. are you alright?
Get outta here. Rita. now.
Just. just give us a chance...
The only chance you're gonna get
is to get your
motherfuckin' asses in gear
before I start swinging.
Let's get outta here. man.
I told you these people
didn't want to help us.
Come on.
Look. we saw a boy
get murdered tonight.
And the men that shot him
did it in cold blood
and if they catch us.
they're gonna kill us too.
- What. they're following you?
- No. no. we lost them.
(Mike) You gotta believe us.
we're telling the truth.
We just wanna use your phone
to call the police. That's it.
We're not gonna cause you
any trouble.
Please.
Sykes. this is bullshit.
We lost 'em. man.
We're just wasting
our time. man.
You know something?
You are really beginning
to piss me off.
Where he goes. we go.
Now. shut the fuck up.
(Dre)
Yo!
Hey. sup?
Yo. man. these the punks
you saw. man?
Nah. they ain't the ones. man.
What's up? You punks crazy
or something. man?
Chill out. man. We're just
looking for some citizens.
Ah. you looking
for some citizens. y'all.
You ain't gonna find nobody
down here like that. man.
This is our block. alright?
Now. if you got any brains
in your head. man
you gonna break now
and don't look back.
We just got some business.
that all.
- Oh you got some business. man?
- Yeah.
What kinda business
you got here. man?
Alright. wait a minute.
wait a minute.
I've had about enough
of this bullshit.
I'm gonna ventilate
your little cranium.
What do you think about
that. huh? Now. back off.
(Dre) 'Hey. man.
you better get your boy. Jack.'
- Alright.
- Got some too. man.
Just a little bit too much
meat today. that's all. man.
'Come on. man.'
You don't like what I have
to say. fuck me. Come on.
- What you smiling at. man?
- No. I understand. man.
I respect that.
I know what you're doing.
You're taking care
of your block. that's great.
But these motherfuckers
ripped me off.
That can't happen.
You know what I mean?
- I don't know.
- Yeah. you know. man.
If I fuck with you.
right now
you'll look like shit
in front of your boys.
So you tell me.
how much is this gonna cost?
Man. if I want your money.
I'll take it. man.
No.
You can't take my money.
But you can take my money.
- Go ahead.
- Money got blood on it. man.
You ever see any
that didn't?
Now. why don't you go ask.
uh. Webster over there
which building those people
went into. okay?
'Alright.'
I don't believe this.
Ray. you're wearing
a hole in the carpet. bro.
(Ray)
'Cops should have been here by now.'
It's been... 17 minutes.
Down here people die of
old age waiting for the cops.
No goddamn way.
That's bullshit. Watch this.
I'll get their asses over here
in one goddamn second.
- What's wrong. Ray?
- The phone's dead.
What do you mean. it's dead?
Give me.
It must be them.
They're here.
How do you know that? Maybe you
didn't pay your phone bill.
- Oh. yeah. right.
- Just shut up. Ray.
Francis..
..Howard... Wyatt.
Used to have a girlfriend
named Francis.
'She had blue eyes.
just like you.'
How does he know my name?
Frank. Beautiful baby.
Wow.
Lucky for you she looks
just like your wife. huh?
What's your wife. Italian?
I always wanted to fuck
an Italian girl. Frank.
I'll tell you what. Frankie.
Francis. since you won't come
out and meet me man-to-man
I'm gonna take my case
to the people. alright?
'People of
the housing projects.'
'I got a headline for you.
This just in.'
Get the fuck outta my house.
Go on.
(male #7)
'Mommy!'
(Rita)
Honey..
Get the hell outta my house.
(Fallon) 'This is the situation.
Here's the deal.'
'Give him up now
and this will not be'
'the worst night of your life.'
There's nothing
on three floors. man.
- We got two more to go.
- We gotta take a break.
(male #6) 'Yeah?
Well. I told you you should've quit smoking.'
It's okay.
Everything's
gonna be alright.
- We can't stay here.
- Are you kidding?
If we go out there.
they're gonna kill us.
Damn it. Ray. these people put
their lives on the line for us.
- Frank's right.
- Yeah. go.
Let's do this.
No. way.
I'm not going out there.
- Oh. my God.
- Okay.
Jesus. Ray.
I'm not going anywhere.
(Mike)
'You son of a bitch.'
You had that thing
the whole time?
Why the hell didn't you
use it when we needed it?
- Shh! Because I'm using it now.
- On us.
Yeah. Whichever
one of you thinks
you're gonna get me
through that door.
Goddamn it. Ray.
what are you doing?
You're scaring the kid.
The cops are gonna be here.
any second. okay?
Let's just wait here
until they get here.
The cops are not coming.
Yes. they are.
Stay right back. okay?
I am not gonna die down here.
[loud clattering]
Ray. these people weren't
involved and they helped us.
If those bastards find us here.
they're gonna kill everybody.
'Is that what you want?'
You gotta trust me. man.
They don't want this deal.
Come on. Razor.
Give me the gun.
[sobbing]
- Okay. let's get outta here.
- Go to the roof.
The kids have a way of getting
across to the next building.
It's the only chance you have.
Thanks a lot.
(female #3) 'I have a baby!
Please! Leave us alone!'
(Rhodes)
'Open the fucking door. now.'
[loud bang]
(Travis) 'Come on.
let's go up to the next floor. man.'
(Rhodes)
'You better not be lying.'
Give me the gun.
- 'Let's go.'
- 'What a shithole.'
[loud bang]
Here. Here. use this.
Knock. knock. faggot.
Open the door.
Hey. Ow! Hey. man!
[gunshots]
[female sobbing]
Fuck.
I found it.
Jeez. is that
the escape route?
'Huh?'
Let's do it.
[grunts]
(Frank)
'Let's go. Ray.'
(Mike)
'Over here. over here.'
Kids do this.
[squeaking]
Let's go. Ray.
[breathing heavily]
[grunts]
(John) 'Hang on. Mike.
Hang on. buddy.'
Ray?
I can't.
The pipe. Ray.
Use the pipe.
'It's right there.
The drainpipe.'
'You can shimmy down that.'
[grunts]
'Let's go. Ray.'
'We used to do this kinda thing
when we were kids. remember?'
Alright. now just slide down.
Just slide down.
Now. Ray. whatever you do.
don't look down.
Thanks. pal.
I wasn't going to.
'Hey. you know. Ray. I've got
a great view from down here.'
That's funny. Frank.
I'm glad you saved your best
material for the rooftop show.
(Frank) Thanks.
I'll be here all week.
Come on. Ray.
That's good. that's good.
Yeah. when I get down. I'm gonna
kick your fucking ass.
[laughing]
[screaming]
[grunting]
John. get your ass
across that ladder now.
What the hell
are you guys doing?
'John. what are you..
There's a way down over here.'
Let's go. Ray. Come on. Ray.
Alright. John. come on. buddy.
'Don't look down. buddy.
Look at me.'
Okay. that's it. You're now at
like the 40 yard line. man.
(Mike)
'Come on. Here you go.'
'You're on the
30 yard line. man.'
'Twenty... now the 10.'
That's it. Alright.
Next.
Go ahead..
I wanna follow you.
You go first.
- You're full of crap. Ray.
- Come on.
Listen. climbing across this
thing is not gonna kill you.
- Those guys are.
- Come on. I swear to God.
(John)
'Come on. Frank!'
I can always tell when
you're full of crap. Ray
and you are full of crap.
right now.
Don't make me leave you up here.
man. Don't do that to me.
Look. I said I would do it!
(Mike)
'Move it!'
Do you want me
to put it in writing?
I will follow you.
Alright... let's do it.
Come on.
Watch how simple this is. huh?
Shh. shh. shh. shh. shh.
shh. shh. shh. shh.
(John) 'That's good.
that's good. man. alright.'
(Mike) 'This is it.
This is nothing. right?'
(Fallon)
'There they are! Come on.'
Come on. Frank. Move it.
Come on. Frank!
Motherfucker!
[gunshots]
'Damn!'
I don't believe
these guys got guns. man.
Yeah. too easy these days.
(John)
'Frank!'
Go ahead. Check it out.
Frank!
[gunshots]
[laughing]
Nice move.
(John)
'Come to me. goddamn it.'
(Mike)
'Come on. Frank.'
'Frank. come on.'
Come on. Frank.
come on. Frank. Come on.
Give me your hand.
[grunting]
Come on.
Come on. Frank.
I got you.
I got you. come on.
'Come on. Okay.'
Ray! What are you doing?
I ain't no acrobat. I'm gonna
negotiate with these guys.
What with. Ray?
I got these guys
right where I want 'em.
Frank. come on!
- I'm the Razor-man. remember?
- Let's go!
- 'Come on!'
[gunshots]
[instrumental music]
Easy. fellas.
Hear me out a second.
Just give me
a chance to talk. okay?
What do you wanna talk about?
Something near and dear
to my heart. money.
- Money. money's good.
- Yeah.
Money makes
the world go around.
Mike! You fire.
they'll kill him for sure.
And if I don't?
- Okay. start talking.
- First of all.
There's no reason for
any of this to be happening.
Whatever happened to that kid.
I'm sure he deserved it.
That's your business.
Nobody's going to the police.
All we want to do
is get home.
Home. Home is where
the heart is. right?
Uh. excuse me for a minute.
Correct me
if I'm wrong here. but. uh..
Didn't you say
something about money?
Yeah. I did.
How about $100.000 cash?
Then we go our separate ways.
You can raise
that kind of money?
- Yes. I can.
- Wow.
Let me ask you somethin'.
Those shoes.
what are those. Italian?
Yeah. they're actually
Italian running shoes.
[chuckles] Actually kinda working
well for me this evening.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
And your dad's what.
he's a. uh. a stockbroker?
Somethin' like that. see
but I'm a self-made guy.
I'm a self-starter.
just like you.
Uh. that's funny.
'Cause these guys
are always sayin' that to me.
Hey. that's why we hang
with him. you know.
- Self-made man.
- 'You just name the place.'
Tomorrow morning
the cash will be there.
In the meantime.
how about a little deposit?
Um-hmm.
May I see that?
This. this is
a beautiful ring.
'Rhodes. take a look
at this. man.'
- Check this out.
- Oh. that's beautiful. man.
Take this home to your girl.
'Tell me something. uh. how much
is a ring like that worth?'
Retail. that's 15K.
But for you guys. tsk-tsk..
Call it a down payment.
under the table.
[laughing] You know. I think. uh.
I think we can cut a deal here.
Oh. man. yeah.
that's beautiful.
- 'There you have it.'
- I can't believe this.
He's doin' it.
You're pretty good.
wh-what's your name?
Ray. Ray. yeah.
you're a good negotiator.
"Cause you're didn't
even low-ball me.'
I'm gonna come in here and
lowball you? Forget about that.
Well. yeah. 'cause the thing is.
I gotta trust you.
There's the payment of money.
and then there's your friends
'keepin' their mouths shut.
you know.'
Now hold on.
We're businessmen. both of us.
We have an understanding.
Oh.
Let me tell you
somethin'. uh. Ray.
You don't understand shit.
Okay? Nothing.
'Guys like you gotta keep
checking your pants to see'
if you got a dick.
I got one.
You and your friends are
the kind of spoon-fed fuckin'
fruit bait
that I fuckin' hate.
I don't think
you understood me.
Shut the fuck up!
You speak when fuckin'
spoken to. okay?
This is not fuckin'
high school. motherfucker!
'I'll eat your fuckin' friends
for fuckin' lunch.'
'You know who we are?
No. you have no fuckin' idea.'
Do you? No. Jerks like you.
you just sail through life
reading about people like me
in the newspaper.
Hey! You're in a different place
now. motherfucker.
Yeah. $100.000 might buy you out
in North Shore down here.
Pussy. that means shit!
This is my fuckin' world.
Two hundred thousand!
[sighs]
[gun cocking]
Alright.
[sighs]
We got a deal?
Yeah.
This. you had..
you schooled me.
You picked my heart
off the ground
and had it surgically implanted.
Ray.
(Ray) 'Just a bit.
my pulse will be back to normal.'
- God.
- Ray.
Music to my ears.
It's beautiful.
I'm gettin' off
this roof in one piece.
Oh. yeah. Yeah.
Aah!
[gunshots]
[grunting]
- Motherfucker!
- Jesus.
- It's alright.
No! Let me go. Frank!
Okay. Frank. wait! Okay!
Come on. John. move.
[dramatic music]
[gasping]
Don't look at him. John.
Come on. he's gone. man!
[music continues]
[hip-hop music on stereo]
Come on.
[music continues]
Frank.
[grunting]
[wind howling]
[coughing]
Shh.
We should've done something.
Makes no sense for Ray
to go out like that.
Nothing about tonight
makes much sense.
I keep hearing him screaming.
Hello. ladies.
Well. well. well.
It's our little chicken shits.
(John)
'Go! Go!'
[gunshots]
[grunting]
- 'Which way?'
- This way!
[grunting]
Get off!
- Frank!
- Get down. get down!
Go. go. go.
- Aaah! Go. go. go!
- Aaah!
[groaning]
- This way. this way.
- Right here.
[dramatic music]
[metal clanking]
- Ha-ha.
- Woo-hoo!
(Frank)
'Mike.'
John.
We gotta keep moving. man.
[dramatic music]
Split up.
Man. this is stupid.
You really think we're gonna
catch these guys?
Yeah.
You comin'?
Watch your ass.
Shit.
I always do. mom.
♪♪ Oh when the saints ♪♪
Aah!
♪♪ Go marchin' in.. ♪♪
These guys don't give up.
♪♪ When the saints
go marchin'.. ♪♪♪♪
They're right on our ass.
We gotta get outta here.
It's hard to tell
where they're coming from.
We don't want to run into them.
Uhh!
(Mike) 'No. no. no.
it's too bright up there.'
'You might as well stick
a bulls-eye on your back.'
What are we gonna do?
We gotta make a stand.
'It's our only chance
of gettin' out of here alive.'
I always wondered
how I'd do in combat.
Could I cut it?
You ever wonder
about that. Frank?
Guess I'm about to find out.
[chuckles]
Mike. they got guns.
We have nothing!
Screw the guns!
If we watch each other's back.
we'll be. we'll be okay.
Right? Huh?
- There you go. Johnny boy.
- Let's do it.
Hey. Frank.
Let's show these punks
what we got.
[exhales]
Right.
(Mike) 'Hey. there's three ways in here.
there's three of us.'
'We watch each other's
backs. huh?'
[sighs]
Okay. let's go! Go!
[instrumental music]
(Travis)
'Sykes. where you at?
You guys down there?
(John)
'Mike. Mike!'
[squealing]
I got your back.
(Mike) 'Hey.
I'm relyin' on you. bro.'
[squealing]
[water gushing]
[rumbling]
[dramatic music]
[rats squealing]
Frank! Frank!
[music continues]
[breathing heavily]
- Yaah!
- Unh!
Yaa!
Where're you guys at?
Hey. don't you move.
don't you move.
[sighs]
Alright. who's
the chicken-shit now. huh?
You gonna shoot me?
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
You ever shoot anybody before?
I don't think so.
Now. if you don't
give me that back
the same thing that happened
to your friend Ray
is gonna happen to you.
Ohh!
[gunshots echoing]
[grunting]
[music continues]
Man. did you see
the look on his face?
He didn't think
I could do it.
(Fallon)
'Sykes! Talk to me. man!'
Let's move.
No. screw that!
Hey. I say we stay down here
and we finish 'em.
You know. things are a little
different now. huh?
What is the matter
with you. huh?
This isn't a goddamn game!
John. let's go.
Hey! Hey. what.
what happened to you. kid?
Hey!
Hey. I thought
you had my back.
'Hey. John.
I'm talking to you.'
[grunts]
We gotta find some cover.
What the hell happened
to you down there?
Huh?
- I'm sorry.
- Sorry?
Sorry doesn't cut it.
You almost got me killed.
Hey!
Back off. Mike.
Your baby brother
fucked up!
He better not do it again.
Oh. yeah. or what?
See. that's-that's the Frank.
I used to know.
You better believe it.
Now let's get off the street.
Yes. sir. boss.
This is great.
You know.
I don't know about you guys.
But I didn't sign on for this.
'This is your fault. Fallon.'
'Your best buddy's dead because
of you and your goddamn rules.'
'Hey.'
'You ever hear the one about
taking care of your own?'
'Huh?'
You mean you'd let these guys
get away with this. right?
No. I wouldn't
let these guys...
[grunting]
You know what I hate?
I hate whiners. you know.
Hate people who just complain.
'Complain. complain.'
Met a guy in a joint one time
his cell next to me
you know he's to..
Just used to yap
about everything.
Used to yap about the food.
yap about the guards
and yap about this
and yap about that
and yap. yap. yap
all night long.
Fuckin' yap. yap. yap.
Like a fuckin' 747.
you know what I mean?
Like an engine
stuck right between your ears
and you can't get away from it
'cause he's right next to you
you know what I mean?
I don't think he's gettin' up.
[dramatic music]
[sighs]
He's gone now.
[dramatic music]
Oh. damn it.
If those assholes were
here right now. I'd. I'd..
I'd probably just freeze.
I tried. you know..
'I couldn't move. Frank.'
John. you gotta
keep it together. man.
Keep it together?
Fuck you. Frank!
I'm scared.
I'm really scared.
And I don't think I'm gonna make
it through this fuckin' night.
I don't know what to do.
- John. Come here. come here.
- No. Frank. no.
Everybody gets scared.
Whether they admit it or not.
I'm scared too.
Look at me..
I'm cryin'
like a baby here.
Thanks... for stickin' up
for me back there.
Yeah. well.
Mike's as scared as we are.
Hey.
There's nobody
out on the street.
So what do you think. boss?
Why don't you cool it
on that "Boss" stuff?
(Frank)
'You guys aren't gonna believe this.'
'Let's go!'
Hey! Hey. yo!
Wait! Wait!
Hey!
Hey. we're here!
Hey. stop!
Look. hey.
Hey. lady!
Hey. well. hold up the bus!
- What are you doin'?
- Hey! Hey!
- Stop the bus!
- I don't think so.
- Hey. come on!
- Come back. you bitch!
Come back. Come back!
Mike. you're gonna
give us away!
I don't get it. You used to have
bigger balls than anybody.
Is that what you think
this is about. balls?
What about using
your goddamn brains?
- Watch what you say to me!
- What're you tryin' to prove?
That you can get us
all killed?
Because that's exactly
what you're gonna do.
I got a wife and
a little girl
and I will get back
to them tonight.
You wanna go out there like
you're some kinda goddamn hero?
Then you do it alone.
Let's go. John.
- Frank! Frank!
- What. goddamn it?
Just wait up.
[sighs]
[instrumental music]
[music continues]
No.
Maybe there's another way in.
It's kinda dark.
I don't see anything.
There's gotta be
a security guard on duty.
Well. let's try and.
uh. wake him up!
[siren blaring]
- Hello?
- We're in trouble now.
[blaring continues]
Hello?
Hey. concierge. I need a room!
Hell of a security system.
Excellent response time.
- Hey!
- Yo!
(Mike)
'Anyone home?'
- Hello? Anybody here?
- We're here to rob the place.
Yeah. anybody
got a problem with that?
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
- Yo. come on and get us.
- 'Okay. freeze.'
- There's two of 'em.
I said freeze!
And put your hands on top of the
counter and spread 'em.
Do it!
- Well. anything you say.
- Alright. we're freezing.
Yeah. we're freezin'
and we're spreadin'.
Anything else you want us to do?
You frisk 'em.
I'll call 5-O.
Oh. Frank.
they're calling the cops.
- Hey. that's 9-1-1. buddy.
- Tell 'em to haul their ass.
These creeps are really
loaded on something.
[blaring continues]
Let's get to work.
- Listen. man. the reason...
- Just save it. punk!
Look. these guys
have been after us..
Look. you tell it to the cops.
They get paid to listen
to your bullshit stories.
Hey. watch it.
Careful. I'm ticklish.
Uh. uh. mister.
there's one thing I...
No! Put your hands
back up on the cooler.
Put 'em up on the cooler!
You understand me?
- Don't make a move!
- Okay.
(Fallon on PA) 'Attention.
shoppers. we have a special in'
'the frozen foods department
tonight. Dead meat.'
'Plump. juicy and fresh
from our North Shore farm.'
Shop 'til you drop.
right. Frank?
Get back on that cooler!
Get on there!
Hey. get on there!
You guys tell your friend
to get his ass down here.
- And I mean right now.
- Listen. this guy's not...
I'm tired of foolin'
around with you guys.
You understand me?
[gunshots]
Motherfucker!
[dramatic music]
Hey. Mike. Mike!
- Come on.
- You go on.
Damn.
- Mike?
- You go on.
No way.
I'm gonna deal with these guys.
I'm gonna handle this.
Would you cut this heroics crap?
And let's go!
Frank. you got a family.
Me... all I got is you.
(Frank)
Mike!
Stay there.
[dramatic music]
[grunts]
[clicking]
[screaming]
[groaning]
Mike?
[panting]
[grunting]
[groaning]
Hey. Frank!
[gun cocks]
[gasping]
Why don't you come out
and get your friend?
[yelling]
[glass breaking]
- Shh!
- Oh. man.
[groaning]
♪♪ Ah let's stand together ♪♪
♪♪ Oooh ooh ooh ♪♪
♪♪ Oh it's alright with me.. ♪♪♪♪
[screaming]
[glass shatters]
[gunshot]
(Frank)
Come on. get up!
Jesus.
Jesus. Mike!
John. oh!
- Get up.
- You guys are unbelievable.
I was there and I
don't even believe it.
Come on. let's go.
Let's move. Let's go!
'Come on. let's go.'
Come on. this way.
(Mike) I'm okay. I'm okay.
Uhh!
[groaning]
Come on.
Alright.
[groaning]
Mike. you're gonna be okay.
I'm gonna go get help.
John's gonna stay
here with you.
Yes. sir. boss.
[chuckling]
Mike.
Easy. easy.
'Give me your hand.'
[grunting]
Put your hand here.
You keep it there. alright?
- I got it. I got it.
- You alright?
Yeah.
Hey. don't do anything stupid.
Right.
[glass shattering]
Come on. Frank! Scumbag!
'Come out and meet me
man-to-man.'
'Let's get it over with.'
'Come on.'
'Frank!'
'What are you afraid of?'
'Faggot.'
[glass shattering]
Come on. Frank!
I'm gonna kill your
two fuckin' pussy friends
and then I'm gonna
kill you. alright?
[gun cocking]
[groaning]
You look fucked up.
At least I can walk.
[door opens]
[beeping]
[wood creaking]
[alarm beeping continues]
Hey. you fuckin' scumbag!
I'm out here!
I said I'm out here.
you piece of shit!
You know. Frank. after I kill
you I think I'm gonna pay
a little visit
on that wife of yours.
[creaking]
[grunts]
[gunshot]
What did you say you were
gonna do to my wife?
What's the matter. asshole?
Why so quiet all of a sudden?
Aaah!
[gunshot]
No. you fuckin' dog!
[grunts]
Ow! Ohh!
Uhh! Oh!
Jesus Christ.
You're Frank?
Look at me
when I'm talkin' to you.
Hey!
You think you hurt me tonight.
is that it. huh?
Is that what you think.
Francis? Answer me!
- Ohh! Ohh! Ohh!
- 'Fuckin' prick. Get up!'
This how you're gonna go out?
- Francis.
- Ohh!
You're not gettin' away.
'Cause I know
where you're goin'.
Fuck you.
Fuck me?
'I don't think so. pal.'
"'1922. Deadwood Drive."'
'That's a fuckin' riot.
Deadwood Drive.'
Bet you got a nice house
up there. huh. Frank? Hmm?
Can't wait
to meet your daughter.
What's her name again?
'Ah. it doesn't matter.'
You'll never see
her grow up anyways.
No more!
[instrumental music]
Help me. for Christ's sake.
I knew you'd do
the right thing.
[grunting]
Come on. Francis.
You're comin' with me.
- No!
- Come on. Francis.
[grunting]
You're on your own. pal.
[yelling]
[grunting]
And don't call me Francis.
(John)
'Frank.'
'Frank. you alright?'
'Where are ya?'
Stay where you are!
Everything's alright!
It's over.
[dialing]
- '9-1-1. May I help you?'
- Hello. This is an emergency.
I need help.
I need..
(female #4 on phone)
'Sir? Are you still there?'
'Sir?'
Look. my brother and my friend
are bleedin' to death upstairs.
- Get down on the floor.
- You're not listening to me!
Down!
I don't fuckin'
believe this.
Hey. Al. he's tellin'
the truth.
It's like
a battleground out here.
Come on.
(male #9) 'Don't worry.
you're gonna be fine.'
Excuse me. How is he?
He's lost a lot of blood.
but his vital signs are good.
Take it easy.
Take it easy. man. Take it easy.
Hey. buddy. they say
you're gonna be okay.
I better. I better be.
I got tickets to
the Bears game next week.
Well. you have a good time.
Wait. I got seats
on the 50 yard line.
Listen. I'm gonna be home
with Linda and the baby
watching the game on TV.
You. you. you're a wimp!
- Hey. John.
- Yeah.
Mike got you tickets
to the Bears game.
No. thanks. Frank.
I'm too young for this shit.
I'll see you
at the hospital. bro.
Mr. Wyatt.
we found this inside.
You must have dropped it.
'It's a good looking family.'
(male #10) 'Mr. Wyatt.
Your wife's outside.'
- Hey. Bakowski. on the double.
- Yeah.
Alright. here we go.
[instrumental music]
♪♪ Do-do-do-do do-do-do-do ♪♪
♪♪ Hey yo kids ♪♪
♪♪ What's up? ♪♪
♪♪ Remember when
I used to be dope? ♪♪
♪♪ Yeah ♪♪
♪♪ I owned a pocket
full of fame ♪♪
♪♪ But look what
you're doin' now ♪♪
♪♪ Well I know well I know ♪♪
♪♪ I lost touch with reality ♪♪
♪♪ Now my personality ♪♪
♪♪ Is an unwanted commodity ♪♪
♪♪ Ooh yeah ♪♪
♪♪ Can't believe I used to be ♪♪
♪♪ Mr. Steve Austin on the mike ♪♪
♪♪ Six million ways ♪♪
♪♪ I used to run it ♪♪
♪♪ I guess Oscar Goldman
got mad ♪♪
♪♪ 'Cause I got loose circuits ♪♪
♪♪ So loose ♪♪
♪♪ I seen the mother goose
with the eggs ♪♪
♪♪ That seemed to be ♪♪
♪♪ Fallin' fallin' fallin' ♪♪
♪♪ Hey yo pack my bags
'cause I'm out of here ♪♪
♪♪ Momma don't love me
and my momma don't care ♪♪
♪♪ Read the papers
the headlines say ♪♪
♪♪ Washed up rapper got a song ♪♪
♪♪ Rock on ♪♪
♪♪ Lingo's busting while the
guitar swings ♪♪
♪♪ B-side copy for the radio
plays for somethin' ♪♪
♪♪ I knew I blew
the whole fandango ♪♪
♪♪ When the drum programmer
wore a Kangol ♪♪
♪♪ Never could be like fake
fish won't bite bait ♪♪
♪♪ Realize that I'm over
like clover ♪♪
♪♪ No good luckin' ♪♪
♪♪ So Maze hit the beat ♪♪
♪♪ While the teenage fan
the heat ♪♪
♪♪ I bring it to the blues ♪♪
♪♪ Paid all my dues ♪♪
♪♪ So what's gone dead ♪♪
♪♪ Let me use my forehead ♪♪
♪♪ Easy pack it up man
let me stop stallin' ♪♪
♪♪ 'Cause everything I do
is like fallin' ♪♪
♪♪ Fallin' fallin' ♪♪
♪♪ You played yourself ♪♪
♪♪ Do-do-do-do do-do-do-do ♪♪
♪♪ Bang your head ♪♪
♪♪ You played yourself ♪♪
♪♪ Bang your head come on ♪♪
♪♪ Bang your head ♪♪
♪♪ You played yourself ♪♪
♪♪ Bang your head to this ♪♪
♪♪ Now I gotta murder to
murder to get away ♪♪
♪♪ The eyes gotta peer now
the fool's gotta pay ♪♪
♪♪ And if they ain't paid then
they pay it with their life ♪♪
♪♪ To watch another man
try to hold on to a life ♪♪
♪♪ 'Cause I keep lookin' and
huntin' just like a lion ♪♪
♪♪Let these suckers know
that it's them that be dyin' ♪♪
♪♪ I show no remorse to
the source of the tales ♪♪
♪♪ And if they tell then
the hungry better battle ♪♪
♪♪ Aah keep it comin' and comin'
across the table ♪♪
♪♪ And if I miss I never miss to
bring the danger ♪♪
♪♪ I'm lookin' forward and then
I'm lookin over my shoulder ♪♪
♪♪ And I'll make a simple sin
to make the bonus ♪♪
♪♪ But I'll never bless the rest.
so never cease ♪♪
♪♪ I'll do a motherfucker
with this restin' piece ♪♪
♪♪ 'Cause what they saw they
never seen or even heard of ♪♪
♪♪ And if they live it's just
another body murdered ♪♪
♪♪ Another body murdered ♪♪
♪♪ Bang your head to this ♪♪
♪♪ Turn me up ♪♪
♪♪ Another body murdered ♪♪
♪♪ Oohh ooh ♪♪
♪♪ I had to get it together to
watch a body get murdered ♪♪
♪♪ Bang your head ♪♪
♪♪ Come on bang your head ♪♪
♪♪ Bang your head to this ♪♪
♪♪ Another body murdered ♪♪
♪♪ Bang some more ♪♪
♪♪ I had to get it together to
watch a body get murdered ♪♪
watch a body get murdered ♪♪♪♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org